Fix the PR template to match the main branch name (#559)
python-poetry/poetry-core: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Updated **documentation** for changed code.

<!--

> **Note**: All Pull Request should be based on the `main` branch.

Reviewer: Better to use the plural form.

I also think that using **must** put more emphasis

```suggestion
**Note**: All Pull Requests must be based on the `main` branch.
```

Reviewer 2: I tend to "should" but no strong feelings about that.

+1 for plural
